Remove all under-construction banners (#646)
ProjectPythia/pythia-foundations: core/datetime.md

# Datetime

> This section contains a basic tutorial on dealing with times and calendars in scientific Python using the standard Python library known as [datetime](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains a basic tutorial on dealing with dates and times in scientific Python using a module from the Python standard library known as [datetime](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html).
```

The portion regarding calendars was a bit more aspirational I think (e.g. w/ cftime and/or calendar).  Datetime (and the current content here) only really cover dates and times w/ a single calendar.
